Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.

Requirements:

Login Administrator

Goal:
Login to an Administrator account with the system.

Actors:
- Administrator
- Weborder System

Preconditions:
Administrator account must already be registered.

Triggers:
Administrator clicks the button or link to "Login"

Basic Scenario:
1. Administrator clicks the button or link to initiate the login process.
2. System prompts the Administrator for email and password.
3. System verifies the information.
4. System creates a session cookie.
5. System displays the account home page to the Administrator.

Alternative Scenario:
A1. System recognizes the Administrator's cookie.
A2. Go to Step 5 (Basic Scenario).
B1. Administrator enters incorrect login information.
B2. System prompts the Administrator to resend login details to the email account.
B3. Administrator confirms.
B4. System sends an email to the registered email address.
B5. Go to Step 1 (Basic Scenario).

Postconditions:
The Administrator is logged into the system.

Reference Response:
@startuml
title Login Administrator

actor Administrator
participant "Weborder System" as System

Administrator -> System : Click "Login"
activate System
System -> Administrator : Prompt for email and password
Administrator -> System : Enter email and password
System -> System : Verify information

alt Valid login
    System -> System : Create session cookie
    System -> Administrator : Display account home page
else Recognized cookie
    System -> Administrator : Display account home page
else Incorrect login
    System -> Administrator : Prompt to resend login details
    deactivate System
    Administrator -> System : Confirm resend
    activate System
    System -> Administrator : Send email to registered address
    deactivate System
    note right of Administrator : Returns to Step 1
end

@enduml