Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
Use-case Sell stock 
Primary actor Transaction User Interface 
Goal in context To fulfill the sell transaction 
Preconditions 
Customer has successfully logged into UI and submit the sell 
information 
Trigger The ‘sell’ button on UI been clicked 
Scenario 
1. transaction user interface: give the sell instruction 
2. central trading system: save the sell instruction 
3. central trading system: match the instructions with the 
same stock id 
4. central trading system: make a trade by matching 
5. central trading system: modify the information of matched 
instructions 
Exception 
1. all the operations have been suspended 
2. some deal exceptions come up 
3. no matched stock with the buy instruction 
Priority Essential, must be implemented 
When available First increment 
Frequency of use Frequent 
Channel to actor Via transaction user interface 
Secondary actors Trading System Management 
Channels to 
secondary actors 
Via central trading system interface 
Open issues 
1. Should the trade information return to Transaction User 
Interface immediately when the deal is done? 
2. Should the failure of trade return to Transaction User 
Interface the next day? 
3. If exception happens, is exception log needed? 
4. security issue

Reference Response:
@startuml
actor Customer
actor "Transaction User Interface" as TUI
participant "Central Trading System" as CTS
group Trigger
Customer -> TUI: Click 'Sell' button
end

TUI -> CTS: Give sell instruction
activate CTS
alt common case
CTS -> CTS: Save the sell instruction
CTS -> CTS: Match the instructions with the same stock id
alt Matched stock found
    CTS -> CTS: Make a trade by matching
    CTS -> CTS: Modify the information of matched instructions
    CTS -> TUI: Trade information updated
    TUI -> Customer: Display Trade successful
else No matched stock found
    CTS -> TUI: No matched stock with buy instruction
    TUI -> Customer: Display Trade failed
else Some deal exceptions come up
    CTS -> TUI: Deal exceptions come up
    TUI -> Customer: Display Trade failed
end
else all the operations have been suspended
    CTS -> TUI: All the operations have been suspended
    deactivate CTS
    TUI -> Customer: Display Trade failed
end
@enduml

