Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
3.8. View Acquisitions
Acquisition records for Drop-Off, Pickup and Decon donations are created in the CRM system. Inventory Management users should be able to view all past and current acquisitions. Receiving Associates use this function to locate an expected acquisition when receiving a donation at the loading dock. Pickup and Decon crews may also use this function to initiate the process of receiving items while in the truck, on their way to the receiving dock.
Drop Off acquisitions are not typically pre-scheduled as Pick Up and Decon acquisitions except for those submitted through the organizational website. As such, when a donor arrives with an unexpected drop off donation, a new acquisition needs to be able to be created in the CRM system first, at either the customer service desk or at the dock, before it can be viewed in the acquisitions screen.
3.8.1. Actor(s): Administrator Director Manager Customer Service Representative Receiving Associate Pick Up Associate Decon Associate
3.8.2. Assumptions, Pre-Conditions & Triggers:
1. User is logged into the system
3.8.3. Use Case Dependencies
None
3.8.4. Basic Flows:
1. User accesses the acquisitions screen
2. The screen displays a list of all acquisitions, latest ones at the top of the list
3. User may optionally filter the acquisitions displayed on the screen by changing filtering options
4. User clicks on an acquisition record
5. System display the details for that acquisition, including expected items
3.8.5. Alternative Flows:
1. Drop Off acquisitions
1.1. User may alternatively click the New Drop Off button on the acquisition list screen which redirects the user to the CRM acquisition creation screen
1.2. User creates new Drop Off acquisition in the CRM system
1.3. User returns to the acquisitions screen and sees the newly created Drop Off acquisition
2. User can use a bar code scanner to scan the acquisition ticket generated at customer service
3.8.6. Business Rules:
1. The acquisitions screen should display:
1.1. Acquisition Number
1.2. Type
1.2.1. Drop Off
1.2.2. Pick Up
1.2.3. Decon
1.2.4. Donor Name with Zip Code
1.2.5. Primary Contact Name
1.2.6. Primary Contact Phone Number
1.2.7. Start Date
1.2.8. End Date
1.2.9. Status
1.2.9.1. Expected
1.2.9.2. Partially Received
1.2.9.3. Completed
2. Users should be able to filter (on multiple fields simultaneously ) acquisitions by:
2.1. Type
2.2. Donor and Primary Contact Name
2.3. Acquisition Number
2.4. Primary Contact Phone Number
2.5. Status
3. User should be able to sort the acquisition list by any of its columns
4. The default sorting is by descending order of acquisition End Date
5. Changes to acquisition information in CRM should be immediately visible in the Inventory Management System.
6. Changes to acquisition information in the Inventory Management System should be immediately visible in CRM.
7. CRM should allow the creation of a Drop Off acquisition where only a Zip Code and Donation Location Type or Donor Type are provided.
8. All acquisitions are created in CRM.
9. The system should provide a link from the acquisitions view in the Inventory Management System to the acquisition creation screen in CRM for easy access.
10. Inventory Management users should be granted permission to create new Drop Off acquisitions in CRM in order to access that functionality.
3.8.7. Post-Condition(s):
None
3.8.8. Open Issues:
None
3.8.9. Extension Points:
None
3.8.10. Activity Diagram(s):
None

Reference Response:
@startuml
title Use Case 3.8 – View Acquisitions

actor "User" as User
participant "Inventory System" as System
participant "CRM System" as CRM

User -> System : 1. Access acquisitions screen
activate System

alt Create Drop Off Acquisition
User -> System : Click 'New Drop Off' button
System -> CRM : Redirect user to CRM acquisition creation screen
activate CRM
User -> CRM : Create new Drop Off acquisition
CRM -> System : Update acquisition list with new Drop Off record
deactivate CRM
User -> System : Return to acquisitions screen
end

alt Scan Acquisition Ticket
User -> System : Scan acquisition ticket (bar code scanner)
end

System -> User : 2. Display list of all acquisitions (latest at top)
deactivate System

opt Filter acquisitions
User -> System : 3. Apply filtering options
activate System
System -> User : Display filtered acquisitions
end
deactivate System

User -> System : 4. Click on an acquisition record
activate System
System -> User : 5. Display acquisition details (including expected items)
deactivate System

@enduml