Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
3.10. Sell Item
Any item in the inventory may be purchased by a Construction Junction customer. The sale of the item is processed by QuickBooks POS and the inventory must be updated accordingly.
3.10.1. Actor(s): Buyer Sales Associate Customer Service Representative
3.10.2. Assumptions, Pre-Conditions & Triggers:
1. The item being purchased has been previously added to the inventory.
3.10.3. Use Case Dependencies
1. Add Item to Inventory
3.10.4. Basic Flows:
1. Buyer arrives at the cashier or checkout desk with the items to be purchased
2. Sales associate scans the item tags
3. Sales associate processes the sale of the items in QuickBooks POS
4. The system updates the inventory to reflect the sale
3.10.5. Alternative Flows:
1. Certain items sold in QuickBooks POS may not exist in the inventory (under $5 items, for instance). The system must be able to recognize that situation and bypass the inventory update.
3.10.6. Business Rules:
1. After a sale in QuickBooks POS, the following item attributes must be updated in the inventory:
1.1. Sale price
1.2. Quantity on hand
2. The sale price must not override the original item price in the inventory
3. The item quantity on hand in the inventory must be decremented by the quantity sold
3.10.7. Post-Condition(s):
1. Inventory is updated to reflect the sale
3.10.8. Open Issues:
None
3.10.9. Extension Points:
None
3.10.10. Activity Diagram(s):
None

Reference Response:
@startuml
title Use Case 3.10 – Sell Item

actor "Buyer" as Buyer
actor "Sales Associate" as Associate
participant "QuickBooks POS" as POS
participant "Inventory System" as System

== Process Sale ==
Buyer -> Associate : 1. Arrives at checkout with items

Associate -> POS : 2. Scan item tags
activate POS
Associate -> POS : 3. Process sale in QuickBooks POS
== Update Inventory ==
alt Item exists in Inventory
    POS -> System : Update inventory (sale price, quantity on hand)
    activate System
    System -> System : Adjust quantity on hand (- quantity sold)
    System -> System : Record sale price (do not override original price)

else Item does not exist in Inventory
    POS -> System : Bypass inventory update (e.g., under $5 items)
end
deactivate System
deactivate POS


@enduml