Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
3.1. View Inventory
The system should provide a categorized view of the entire inventory to the Construction Junction staff. Starting at the department level, users can navigate into the inventory item categories and sub-categories, all the way down to an individual inventory item.
3.1.1. Actor(s): Administrator Director Manager Customer Service Representative Receiving Associate Pick Up Associate Decon Associate
3.1.2. Assumptions, Pre-Conditions & Triggers:
1. User is logged into the system
3.1.3. Use Case Dependencies
None
3.1.4. Basic Flows:
1. User accesses the main inventory screen
2. The screen displays all inventory departments
3. User clicks a department cell
4. The screen displays all inventory categories for the selected department
5. User clicks a category cell that contains sub-categories
6. The screen displays all inventory sub-categories for the selected category
7. User clicks a sub-category cell (leaf category)
7.1. For a Unique Item category:
7.1.1. The screen displays a list of all inventory items for that selected category
7.1.2. User clicks an item in the items list
7.1.3. The screen displays the details for the item
7.2. For a Stock Item category:
7.2.1. The screen displays the details for that Stock Item category
7.3. For a Under $5 category:
7.3.1. Nothing happens – The category cell is not clickable
3.1.5. Alternative Flows:
1. At any point, the user may click on a department on the inventory department shortcuts list, which takes the user to the inventory view for that particular department.
2. The user may click the View All Items button at any level in the inventory to view a list of all items in that department or category
3. The user may click the View All Items button on the main inventory screen to view the complete list of all items in the inventory
4. Once in the view items list screen, the user may filter the results by searching for:
4.1. A particular item by item number
4.2. All items with Donor, Department, Category or Description matching the provided keyword
4.3. All items with certain attributes, features and/or details
3.1.6. Business Rules:
1. Inventory departments and categories are displayed in matrix format
2. The matrix dimensions are fixed, and are the same when displaying departments or categories.
3. Unused matrix cells are displayed empty.
4. The actual matrix dimensions are to be determined during system implementation.
4.1. The matrix should be able to hold at least 30 tiles at each level
5. Each matrix cell displays a department or category name.
5.1. For departments with subcategories, the department name is a hyperlink to the view of the department subcategories
5.2. For a department with no subcategories, the department name is a hyperlink to the view of the items in that department
5.3. For categories with subcategories, the category name is a hyperlink to the view of the subcategories
5.4. For a category with no subcategories
5.4.1. For a Unique Item category, the category name is a hyperlink to a view of the items under that category
5.4.2. For a Stock Item category, the category name is a hyperlink to a view of the details for that Stock Item, including the current quantity on hand
5.4.3. For a Under $5 category:
5.4.3.1. The category name is not a hyperlink
6. By default, the items list contains the list of all Unique and Stock items in the selected department or category, or across all departments and categories when viewing the all inventory items screen
7. When a search keyword is specified, the system filters the default items list for that screen and returns only the items for which the keyword matches one or more of the following columns:
7.1. Donor
7.2. Department
7.3. Category
7.4. Description
8. When user clicks on an item in the items list for a category or department, the system displays the item details screen
9. Departments and categories are listed in alphabetical order in each row, from left to right and top to bottom
10. The cell in the top left corner of the matrix always represents a generic item in the selected department (e.g. a generic appliance when viewing the categories in the appliance department) and is automatically generated by the system
11. The cell to the right of the top left corner of the matrix always represents under $5 items in the selected department and is automatically generated by the system
3.1.7. Post-Condition(s):
None
3.1.8. Open Issues:
None
3.1.9. Extension Points:
None
3.1.10. Activity Diagram(s):
None

Reference Response:
@startuml
title Use Case 3.1 – View Inventory

actor "User" as User
participant "Inventory System" as System

== Access Inventory ==
User -> System : 1. Access main inventory screen
activate System
System -> User : 2. Display all inventory departments
deactivate System

== Navigate Through Inventory ==
User -> System : 3. Click a department cell
activate System
System -> User : 4. Display categories for selected department
deactivate System

User -> System : 5. Click a category cell
activate System
System -> User : 6. Display subcategories for selected category
deactivate System

User -> System : 7. Click a sub-category cell (leaf category)
activate System
alt Unique Item category
    System -> User : 7.1.1 Display list of all inventory items
    User -> System : 7.1.2 Click an item
    System -> User : 7.1.3 Display item details
else Stock Item category
    System -> User : 7.2.1 Display details for Stock Item
else Under $5 category
    System -> User : 7.3.1 Do nothing (cell not clickable)
end
deactivate System

@enduml