Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements: 
Name Use Case: UC1: Urban traffic flow congestion analysis
Scope Traffic flow management application
Level User goal
Primary actor Urban mobility planner
Stakeholders and 
Interests
- Users (urban mobility planners, media team of the urban mobility
department): needs real time analysis of urban mobility, to be able to
find the best solution to improve traffic flows throughout the city.
- The Mayor of Wonderland: wants to accepts plans to improve traffic
congestions only when all stakeholders and their interests have been
considered (costs, noise, pollution etc.).
- Emergency services (police, ambulance, firefighters): wants to be able to
see where high congestion areas are (circumventing these areas during
peak hours).
- Residents: wants less congested traffic, but the solution must be fair
(noise, pollution).
Preconditions - The system has retrieved all relevant sensory data and is ready to
simulate.
- The user is authenticated to use the system (logged in).
Postconditions - Cause and effect of different scenarios regarding urban traffic are shown
in real-time.
- A selection of suggested improvements for traffic flow is shown by the
system.
Main Success 
Scenario:
1. The user authenticates and is logged into the system.
2. The system shows the traffic flows of the city, based on historic data.
2.1 Congested traffic flows are shown in red.
3. The user selects a certain area/roads to be improved.
4. The system suggests traffic flow improvements.
5. The user selects the best (w.r.t. noise, pollution, costs, people affected)
traffic flow improvement.
6. The system shows the updated traffic flow.
7. The user retrieves a report of suggested traffic flow improvement and
plan of action generated by the system (simulated data).
8. The report then presented to the respective stakeholder (mayor, for
approval or emergency services).
Special 
Requirements:
1. Data must be stored locally (by the municipality, not in the cloud).
2. Process in real-time; show results directly.
3. No technical expertise is needed to use the system (user friendly).


Reference Response:
@startuml
actor "Urban Mobility Planner" as Planner
entity System
database "local database" as LD
actor "Mayor of Wonderland" as Mayor
actor "Emergency Services" as Emergency
actor Residents

Planner -> System: Login
activate System
System -> Planner: Login successful
deactivate System

Planner -> System: Request traffic flow data based on historic data
activate System
System -> LD: Get request
activate LD
LD -> System: Receive historic traffic data
deactivate LD
System -> Planner: Display traffic flow

group Traffic flows info contains
System -> Planner: Display congested areas in red
end
deactivate System

Planner -> System: Select area/roads to improve
activate System
System -> Planner: Suggest traffic flow improvements
deactivate System

Planner -> System: Select best traffic flow improvement
activate System
System -> Planner: Display updated traffic flow
deactivate System

Planner -> System: Retrieve report of suggested improvement and action plan
activate System
System -> LD: Get request
activate LD
LD -> System: Receive simulated data
deactivate LD
System -> System: Analysis data
System -> Planner: Provide report
deactivate System

Planner -> Mayor: Present report
Planner -> Emergency: Present report
Planner -> Residents: Present report
@enduml
