Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
Name of Use Case: UC3: Urban traffic flow noise and pollution analysis.
Scope Traffic flow management application
Level User goal
Primary actor Media team
Stakeholders and Interests
- Users (urban mobility planners, media team of the urban mobility
department): needs real time analysis of urban mobility, to be able to
find the best solution to improve traffic flows/
- The Mayor of Wonderland: wants to accepts plans to improve traffic
congestions only when all stakeholders and their interests have been
considered (costs, noise, pollution etc.).
- Emergency services (police, ambulance, firefighters): wants to be able to
see where high congestion areas are (circumventing these areas during
peak hours).
- Residents: wants less congested traffic, but the solution must be fair
(noise, pollution).
Preconditions - The system has retrieved all relevant sensory data and is ready to
simulate.
- The user is authenticated to use the system (logged in).
Postconditions Cause and effect of different scenarios regarding urban traffic are shown in realtime.
Main Success Scenario:
1. Multiple residents filed reports on traffic related issues (noise, pollution,
congestion)
2. The user (media team member) authenticates and is logged into the
system.
3. The system shows the traffic flows of the city, based on historic data.
a. Areas affected by noise and pollution are highlighted
b. Population density is shown.
4. The user retrieves an overview of areas that are higher than the allowed
noise/pollution levels.
5. The user retrieves a report of suggested traffic flow measurements and
plan of action generated by the system (simulated data) in order to lower
the noise/pollution levels below certain thresholds
6. The report is presented to the relevant stakeholders (Mayor, Head of
Urban Mobility Department, Residents).
Special Requirements:
1. Data must be stored locally (by the municipality, not in the cloud).
2. Process in real-time; show results directly.
3. No technical expertise is needed to use the system (user friendly).


Reference Response:
@startuml
actor Residents
actor "Media Team Member" as User
entity System
database "local database" as LD
actor "Mayor of Wonderland" as Mayor
actor "Emergency Services" as Emergency

Residents -> User: Report traffic issues (noise, pollution, congestion)
User -> System: Login
activate System
System -> User: Login successful
deactivate System

User -> System: Request traffic flow data based on historic data
activate System
System -> LD: Get request
activate LD
LD -> System: Receive historic traffic data
deactivate LD
System -> User: Display traffic flows

group Traffic flows info contains
System -> User: Highlight areas affected by noise and pollution
System -> User: Display population density
end
deactivate System

User -> System: Retrieve overview of areas exceeding noise/pollution levels
activate System
System -> User: Display overview
deactivate System

User -> System: Retrieve report of suggested traffic flow measures and action plan
activate System
System -> LD: Get request
activate LD
LD -> System: Receive simulated data
deactivate LD
System -> System: Analysis data
System -> User: Provide report
deactivate System

User -> Mayor: Present report
User -> Emergency: Present report
User -> Residents: Present report
@enduml
