Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
Use Case 1
Scope: IFA Digital System
Level: Budget and Reporting
Primary Actor: Team Manager, IFA Budget Manager, IFA Auditor
Stakeholders: IFA, Team Managers
Main Success Scenario:
1. IFA Budget manager receives an alert.
2. IFA Budget manager assigns a budget to the teams using the system.
3. IFA Budget Manager will assign budgets to the teams using the “Budget” section in the
system.
Step 1 will keep repeating until the budget is uploaded into the system.
4. Team manager receives an alert
5. Team manager can see the assigned budget.
6. Team manager assigns the budget to various team activities.
7. Team manager prepares a report of all the spendings.
8. Team manager uploads a report into the system.
Step 4 will keep repeating until the report is uploaded into the system.
9. IFA Auditor receives an alert.
10. IFA auditor can see the report submitted by the team manager.
11. IFA Auditor sends a communication to the team manager if any discrepancies in the report
are found.
12. Team manager receives an alert.
13. Team manager edits the report and uploads it back to the system.
14. IFA Auditor receives an alert.
15. IFA Auditor approves the report.
Steps 11-14 will keep repeating until the IFA Auditor is satisfied with the report.
Special Requirements:
• All the stakeholders should have a user profile in the system.
• The “Budget” interface of the system is only visible to the primary actors.
• The interface should be available in multiple languages and currencies.
• The interface should have an encryption layers to protect the confidential budget data.
• IFA Budget manager can monitor the budgets in real-time.
• IFA Budget Manager cannot edit the report submitted by the team manager.
• IFA Auditor cannot edit the report submitted by the team manager.
• IFA Auditor cannot change the budget numbers.
• Team manager cannot change the budget numbers.
• Team manager can only see his/her budget.
• IFA Budget manager and IFA auditor can see all the assigned budgets.
• This complete activity is to be repeated yearly.
• The budget details should be archived for future reference.


Reference Response:
@startuml
actor "Team Manager" as TM
actor "IFA Budget Manager" as IBM
entity System
actor "IFA Auditor" as IA

==  Use Case 1: Budget and Reporting ==
loop every year
loop Budget is not uploaded
System -> IBM: Receive alert
activate System
break Budget is uploaded
IBM -> System: Assign budget to teams using the “Budget” section
deactivate System
end
end

loop Report is not uploaded
System -> TM: Alert for assigned budget
activate System
System -> TM: Display assigned budget
deactivate System
TM -> TM: Assign budget to activities
TM -> TM: Prepare spending report
break Report is uploaded
TM -> System: Upload report spending report
activate System
end   
end

System -> IA: Alert for submitted report
System -> IA: Display submitted report
deactivate System
loop Report is not approved
    IA -> TM: Alert for discrepancies
    TM -> TM: Edit report
    TM -> System: Upload report
    activate System
    System -> IA: Alert for edited report
    deactivate System
break Report is approved
    IA -> System: Approve report
end
end
end
@enduml
