Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
Use Case 4
Scope: IFA Digital System
Level: Fan Portal
Primary Actor: Fans
Stakeholders: Fans, IFA, Teams
Main Success Scenario:
1. Fan registers in the system and creates a user profile.
2. Fan “follows” the profiles of favourite teams and players.
3. Fan gets an alert whenever there is an activity by the followed team(s) and/or player(s).
4. A fan can see the activity and comment on the posts made by the followed team(s) and/or
player(s).
Alternate Flows:
1. A fan does not have a user profile. He/she is considered as a guest user.
2. Guest User can check the live scores and live updates.
3. Guest User can check the page that displays the score of all the matches in the tournament.
Special Requirements:
• All the stakeholders should have user profile to use the “follow” feature of the system.
• All the stakeholders should have user profile to use the “alert” feature of the system.
• The system should be able to accommodate at least 50,000 users at once.
• The updates made by the users should be visible in real time.


Reference Response:
@startuml
actor Fan
entity System

alt If a fan is a new user in the system
    Fan -> System: Request to Register
    activate System
    System -> Fan: Register successful
    Fan -> System: Create a user profile
    System -> Fan: User profile is created
    deactivate System
    Fan -> System: Follow the profiles of favourite teams and players
    activate System
    opt If there is an activity by the followed team(s) and/or player(s)
        System -> Fan: Alert for activity by followed teams/players
        Fan -> System: View activity and comment
    end
    deactivate System

else If a fan is a guest user
    Fan -> System: Check live scores and updates
    activate System
    Fan -> System: View the score of all the matches in the tournament
    deactivate System
end

note right of System
The system should be 
able to accommodate at 
least 50,000 users at once.
end note
@enduml
