Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:  
Use Case 5
Summary: A patient orders medicine at his pharmacy through the website.
Actors: Patient, pharmacist, prescription management system, doctor
Precondition: Patient is registered in the system
Description: 
1.	Patient navigates to the website on his computer.
2.	Patient logs in using his personal account.
3.	Patient goes to the pharmacy’s part of the website. 
4.	Patient finds the medicine he wants to order.
5.	Patient orders the medicine at the pharmacy.
6.	The order is uploaded to the prescription management system
7.	The prescription management system notifies the pharmacist.
8.	Pharmacist reviews the order.
9.	Pharmacist readies the medicine for the patient and updates the status in the prescription management system.
10.	Patient receives a notification that his order is ready.
11.	Patient picks up his order at the pharmacy.
Postcondition: Patient has his medicine.
Alternate flow:
1a-5a. A doctor places an order for medicine for his/her patient.


Reference Response: 
@startuml
actor Patient
actor Doctor
actor Pharmacist
boundary Website
control Pharmacy
entity "Prescription Management System" as PMS

alt Patient places order
    Patient -> Website: Navigate to website
    activate Website
    Patient -> Website: Login
    Website -> Patient: Login successful
    deactivate Website
    Patient -> Pharmacy: Go to pharmacy section
    activate Pharmacy
    Patient -> Pharmacy: Find and select medicine
    Patient -> Pharmacy: Order medicine
else Doctor places order
    Doctor -> Pharmacy: Place order for patient
end


activate Pharmacy
Pharmacy -> PMS: Upload order
deactivate Pharmacy
activate PMS
PMS -> Pharmacist: Notify of new order
deactivate PMS

activate Pharmacist
Pharmacist -> PMS: Review order
Pharmacist -> Pharmacy: Ready the medicine for the patient
activate Pharmacy
Pharmacist -> PMS: Update order status
deactivate Pharmacist

activate PMS
PMS -> Patient: Notify order ready
deactivate PMS

Patient -> Pharmacy: Pick up order
deactivate Pharmacy
@enduml