Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements: 
Use Case 2
Summary: A patient schedules an appointment 
Actors: Patient, appointment scheduling system, receptionist
Precondition: Patient is a user in the hospital system
Description: 
1.	Patient opens the hospital app on his phone.
2.	Patient logs in on the app with his personal account.
3.	Patient navigates to the part of the app for scheduling appointments.
4.	Patient selects a time slot to schedule his appointment. (Exception: this time slot is already reserved)
5.	The appointment scheduling system sends the request to a receptionist.
6.	A receptionist approves the request.
7.	The appointment scheduling system sends the appointment to the doctor.
8.	The appointment is created in the global database.
Exceptions:
Time slot is already reserved. Raised when another patient reserves a time slot while this patient is in the process. Can be prevented by not allowing two patients to select the same time slot.
Postcondition: There is an appointment scheduled 
 

Reference Response:
@startuml
actor Patient
actor Receptionist
actor Doctor
boundary "Hospital App Interface" as App
control "Appointment Scheduling System" as ASS
database "Global Database" as DB

Patient -> App: Open app
activate App
Patient -> App: Log in
App -> Patient: Display user interface
deactivate App

Patient -> App: Navigate to scheduling section
activate App
Patient -> App: Select time slot
App -> ASS: Send request
deactivate App

activate ASS
alt Time slot reserved
    ASS -> Patient: Notify time slot is reserved
else Time slot available
    ASS -> Receptionist: Send request for approval
    Receptionist -> ASS: Approve request

    ASS -> Doctor: Notify doctor of appointment
    ASS -> DB: Create appointment in database
    activate DB
end
deactivate ASS
DB -> Patient: Confirm appointment
deactivate DB
@enduml