Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it. 
Requirements:
3.1.1 Start and Stop Diagnostics Use Case
3.1.1.1 Brief Description
This use case provides the actor the means to start and stop diagnostic processing. The actor in this case is the administrator user (see 2.5.1).
3.1.1.2 Flow of Events
The use case begins just prior to when the user launches the application.
3.1.1.2.1 Basic Flow – Start Diagnostics
1. The user launches the tool by double-clicking the icon associated with the tool or typing the application’s name.
2. The tool momentarily displays a splash screen identifying the tool, identifying developing and sponsoring organizations as appropriate, and listing copyright information.
3. The tool displays the main window of the tool.
4. The user starts the diagnostic processing by selecting a menu item named “Start Diagnostics” from a drop down menu named “Status”.
5. Include (Authenticate User). If the user has the appropriate privilege (i.e., the user is the administrator user) the tool requests a confirmatory response from the user to start the diagnostic processing.
6. If the user confirms the desire to start diagnostic processing, the tool starts the processing and displays an animated indication that diagnostic processing is active. 
7. If the user responds negatively to the confirmation, the tool does not start the diagnostic processing but the user remains authenticated.
8. If the user does not have the appropriate privilege, the tool does not start the diagnostic processing.
9. The user secures the tool by selecting a menu item named “Logout” from the drop down menu named “File”.
10. The tool returns the current user’s privileges to those of the general user.
11. If a period of 15 minutes elapses whereby the user does not secure the tool, the users privileges will automatically revert to those of a general user. 
3.1.1.2.2 Alternative Flow
3.1.1.2.2.1 Stopping Diagnostic Processing
1. The user can stop diagnostic processing at any time after the diagnostic processing has started by selecting the “Stop Diagnostics” menu item from the main menu entitled “Status”.
2. If the user is not authenticated as the administrator user, include (Authenticate User) to validate privileges for stopping diagnostic processing.
3. If the user has the appropriate privilege, the tool requests confirmation to stop diagnostic processing. 
4. If the user responds positively to the confirmation, the tool stops diagnostic processing and indicates the stopped condition. Otherwise the software performs no function but the user remains authenticated.
5. If the user selects the “Exit” menu item from the main menu entitled “File” and the diagnostic processing is not active, the tool exits.
6. If the user selects “Exit” and the diagnostic processing is active, include (Authenticate User), if the user is not already validated, to verify the user’s privilege to stop diagnostic processing.
7. If the user is permitted to stop diagnostic processing, the tool stops the processing and exits. Otherwise, the software performs no function. 
3.1.1.3 Special Requirements
There are no special requirements for this use case.
3.1.1.4 Preconditions
There are no preconditions for this use case.


Reference Response:
@startuml
actor "Administrator User" as Administrator
participant Tool

alt Double-clicking the icon
    Administrator -> Tool: Double-clicking the icon
    activate Tool
else Typing the application’s name
    Administrator -> Tool: Typing the application’s name
end

Tool -> Administrator: Display Splash Screen
Tool -> Administrator: Display Main Window

Administrator -> Tool: Select "Start Diagnostics" from "Status" Menu

Tool -> Administrator: Request Confirmation to Start Diagnostics

alt If the user has the appropriate privilege
    alt If the user responds positively
        Administrator -> Tool: Confirm Start Diagnostics
        Tool -> Tool: Start Diagnostics
        Tool -> Administrator: Display Active Diagnostic Indication
    else If the user responds negatively
        Tool -> Tool: Do not start diagnostics (User remains authenticated)
    end
else If the user does not have the appropriate privilege
    Tool -> Tool: Do not start diagnostics
end

alt Stopping Diagnostic Processing
    Administrator -> Tool: Select "Stop Diagnostics" from "Status" Menu
    alt If user is not authenticated as the administrator user but has the appropriate privilege
        Tool -> Administrator: Request Confirmation to Stop Diagnostics
        alt If the user responds positively
            Administrator -> Tool: Confirm Stop Diagnostics
            Tool -> Tool: Stop Diagnostics
            Tool -> Administrator: Display Stopped Diagnostic Indication
        else If the user responds negatively
            Tool -> Tool: Do not stop diagnostics (User remains authenticated)
        end
    else User does not confirm
        Tool -> Tool: Do not stop diagnostics (User remains authenticated)
    end
end

opt Select "Exit" from "File" Menu
    Administrator -> Tool: Select "Exit" from "File" Menu
    alt Diagnostics processing is not active
        Tool -> Tool: Exit Tool
    else Diagnostics processing is active
        alt User is not validated
            Tool -> Administrator: Request Confirmation to verify user’s privilege
            alt User is permitted to stop diagnostics
                Administrator -> Tool: Confirm user’s privilege
                Tool -> Tool: Stop Diagnostics
                Tool -> Tool: Exit Tool
            else User is not permitted
                Administrator -> Tool: Insufficient user’s privilege
                Tool -> Tool: No action
            end
        end
    end
end

alt Secure the tool
    Administrator -> Tool: Select "Logout" from "File" Menu
else Do not secure the tool
    Tool -> Tool: Wait for 15 minutes
end

Tool -> Tool: Revert User Privileges to General User
deactivate Tool
@enduml
