Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
Checkout An Order
Goal:
Customer places and confirms an order for the checkout process.
Actors:
Customer
Weborder System
Preconditions:
1. Customer must be logged-in on the system.
2. Customer must have item(s) in the shopping cart.
Triggers:
Customer clicks button or link to "Ckeckout"
Basic Scenario:
1. Customer clicks the button or link to initiate the checkout process.
2. System calculates order of items in the shopping cart.
3. System appends cookie with flag for checkout process.
4. System presents customer with account details and payment methods.
5. Customer confirms account details and payment methods.
6. Customer confirms order.
7. System stores order confirmation and order details.
8. System sends email confirmation to the Customer.
9. System appends cookie with flag for completed checkout process.
Alternative Scenario:
A1. Customer terminates order web browser during order the checkout process.
A2. Customer returns to weborder interface.
A3. System recognizes cookie and goes to step 4 (Basic Scenario).
Postconditions:
The Customer has placed and confirmed an order.

Reference Response:
@startuml
title Checkout An Order

actor Customer
participant "Weborder System" as System

Customer -> System : Click "Checkout"
activate System
System -> System : Calculate order of items in the cart
System -> System : Append cookie with flag for checkout process
System -> Customer : Present account details and payment methods
alt Normal Scenario
    Customer -> System : Confirm account details and payment methods
    Customer -> System : Confirm order
    System -> System : Store order confirmation and order details
    System -> Customer : Send email confirmation
    System -> System : Append cookie with flag for completed checkout process
else Customer terminates browser
    Customer -> System : Terminate browser
    Customer -> System : Reopen weborder interface
    System -> System : Recognize cookie
    System -> Customer : Present account details and payment methods
end
deactivate System

@enduml