Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
Login Customer
Goal:
Login to a customer account with the system.
Actors:
Customer
Weborder System
Preconditions:
Customer account must already be registered.
Triggers:
Customer clicks the button or link to "Login"
Basic Scenario:
1. Customer clicks the button or link to initiate login process.
2. System prompts the customer for email and password.
3. System verifies the information.
4. System creates session cookie.
5. System displays account home page to Customer
Alternative Scenario:
A1. System recognizes Customer's cookie
A2. Go to Step 5 (Basic Scenario).
B1. Customer enters incorrect login information.
B2. System prompts Customer to resend login details to email account.
B3. Customer confirms.
B4. System sends email to registered email address.
B5. Go to Step 1 (Basic Scenario).
Postconditions:
The Customer is logged into the system.

Reference Response:
@startuml
title Login Customer

actor Customer
participant "Weborder System" as System

Customer -> System : Click "Login"
activate System
alt Recognizes customer's cookie
    System -> Customer : Display account home page
else Requires login details
    System -> Customer : Prompt for email and password
    Customer -> System : Enter email and password
    alt Information verified
        System -> System : Create session cookie
        System -> Customer : Display account home page
    else Incorrect login information
        System -> Customer : Prompt to resend login details to email
        Customer -> System : Confirm resend
        System -> Customer : Send email to registered email address
        System -> Customer : Click "Login" and start again login process
    end
end
deactivate System

@enduml
