Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
Use Case 05 – Get Phonex Search Keys
Description This use case consists of getting from TACHOnet the computed search keys (based
on the Phonex algorithm) corresponding to the given last name and first names.
The Member State CIAs should call upon this service when issuing a new card to get
the computed search keys of the driver’s surname and first names, so to store them in
their local data store. When a Member State CIA will receive a TACHOnet request
for checking driver’s issued card, it should use the search keys given in the request to
search against their local data store (along with the given driver’s birth date). It’s
therefore of major importance to use a common algorithm and to store computed
search keys in the local data store.
Nevertheless, Member States are free to use their own Phonetic algorithm (if existing
like in Germany). In such a case, it’s the Member State responsibility to compute the
search keys based on the given driver’s surname and first of the first names.
Basic flow The basic flow consists of the following steps:
Step Action
1 The CIA calls the TACHOnet service giving the driver’s surname and
first names.
2 TACHOnet checks the input parameters and, if valid, computes the
corresponding surname and first of the first names search keys.
3 TACHOnet returns the computed search keys as output parameters.
Alternate flows 2a If the input parameters are invalid (e.g. illegal character,…), TACHOnet
returns a negative status code to the request.
Special
requirements
· This service should ideally be implemented as a synchronous Web Service.
· A web interface on top of this service should also be supplied to allow the CIA
users to access manually these TACHOnet services.
· A downloadable version of this web service should also be made available (.NET
and Java) to enable some Member States to install and use it locally.
Pre-conditions The caller must provide the mandatory input parameters.
Post-conditions The caller has received the computed search keys (or a negative error code).
Actors · A CIA (when issuing a new card) or an enforcer (via a CIA)
· The TACHOnet system

Reference Response:
@startuml
title Use Case 05 – Get Phonex Search Keys

actor CIA as "Card Issuing Authority"
participant TACHOnet

CIA -> TACHOnet : Send request (Driver's surname and first names)
activate TACHOnet

TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Validate input parameters
alt Valid input
    TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Compute Phonex search keys
    TACHOnet -> CIA : Return computed search keys
else Invalid input
    TACHOnet -> CIA : Return negative status code
end

deactivate TACHOnet
@enduml