Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
Use Case 01 – Check driver(s)’ issued cards
Description This use case consists of processing a request for checking driver’s issued card
coming from a Card Issuing Authority (CIA). Such request could contain the data for
a single driver (online mode) or several drivers (batch mode).
This use case is also used by enforcers (on behalf of CIA – as TACHOnet only sees
CIA as SPOC) during road checks.
Basic flow The basic flow consists of the following steps:
Step Action
1 TACHOnet deciphers the received request and logs the received request
as-is in its tracking database.
2 TACHOnet validates its syntax and assigns it a TACHOnet refid
(TCNRefId).
3 TACHOnet will build as many new requests as issuing Member State
codes identified in the original request (+ another one for all subrequests
not mentioning any issuing Member State code) by applying
defined name encoding rules to the given surname(s) and first name(s) in
order to compute the search keys.
4 For each issuing Member State identified (if any) in the original request,
TACHOnet builds, logs and encrypts a new request (only containing
sub-requests for the corresponding issuing Member State), sends it to the
corresponding Member State’s CIA application and waits for receiving
the response.
For the sub-request mentioning any issuing Member State code (if any),
TACHOnet builds, logs and encrypts a new request (only containing
sub-requests not mentioning any issuing Member State), broadcasts it to
all the Member States configured in TACHOnet (except the Member
State having sent the original request) and waits for receiving each
response.
5 For each received response, TACHOnet deciphers it, logs it as-is in its
tracking database and validates its syntax. If it is valid, TACHOnet
stores the response data (linked to the TCN refid) in the database (for
later building the single consolidated response that TACHOnet will send
when all responses are received or when the timeout is reached).
6 When all responses are received or when the timeout is reached,
TACHOnet builds, from the received responses stored in its database,
the single consolidated response.
7 TACHOnet logs the consolidated response is in its tracking database,
encrypts it and sends it to the original caller.

Alternate flows Several alternate flows may exist depending on the result of some events/actions of
the basic flow:
ALT-01 When TACHOnet receives a negative response from a Member State
CIA, it should log it and consider the request sent to that Member
State CIA as completed (with error).
ALT-02 When TACHOnet receives multiple responses (corresponding to a
single request) from a Member State CIA, it should ignore the
superfluous additional responses. The first received response is the
processed one.
ALT-03 When TACHOnet doesn’t receive within time a Member State CIA
response, it should mention ‘timeout’ as status code for that Member
State CIA in the consolidated response.
ALT-04 When TACHOnet receives a late Member State CIA response, it
should log it and ignore it.
ALT-05 When TACHOnet receives a syntactically invalid request / response,
it should always send back a negative receipt with ‘Invalid Format
request’ as status code and warn the TCN Administrator.
ALT-06 When TACHOnet receives an invalid XML message (request,
response), it will respond with a negative receipt mentioning the
reason (invalid format).

Reference Response:
@startuml
title Use Case 01 – Check driver(s)’ issued cards

actor CIA as "Card Issuing Authority"
participant TACHOnet
participant "Member State CIA" as MemberCIA
database "TACHOnet Tracking Database" as DB
participant "TCN Administrator" as Admin

CIA -> TACHOnet : Send request (Single/Batch)
activate TACHOnet

TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Decipher request
TACHOnet -> DB : Log received request as-is

alt Invalid request format
    TACHOnet -> CIA : Send negative receipt (Invalid Format)
    TACHOnet -> Admin : Warn TCN Administrator
end

TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Validate syntax

alt Invalid XML message
    TACHOnet -> CIA : Send negative receipt (Invalid XML)
end

TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Assign TCNRefId
TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Build sub-requests (by Member State codes or broadcast)
TACHOnet -> DB : Log sub-requests

alt Sub-request for specific Member State
    TACHOnet -> MemberCIA : Send encrypted request (Single Member State)
    activate MemberCIA
    MemberCIA -> TACHOnet : Return response
    deactivate MemberCIA
else Broadcast to all Member States
    TACHOnet -> MemberCIA : Send encrypted request (All Member States except sender)
    loop Wait for all responses
        activate MemberCIA
        MemberCIA -> TACHOnet : Return response
        deactivate MemberCIA
    end
end

loop Process received responses
    TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Decipher response
    alt Nomal case
        TACHOnet -> DB : Log response as-is
    else Negative response from Member State (ALT-01)
        TACHOnet -> DB : Log response with error status
    else Multiple responses from Member State (ALT-02)
        TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Ignore superfluous responses
    else No response within timeout (ALT-03)
        TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Mark timeout status in consolidated response
    else Late response (ALT-04)
        TACHOnet -> DB : Log late response
        TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Ignore late response
    else Invalid response format (ALT-05)
        TACHOnet -> MemberCIA : Send negative receipt (Invalid Format)
        TACHOnet -> Admin : Warn TCN Administrator
   else Invalid XML message (ALT-06)
        TACHOnet -> MemberCIA : Send negative receipt (Invalid XML)
    end
end

alt All responses received or timeout reached
    TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Build single consolidated response
    TACHOnet -> DB : Log consolidated response
    TACHOnet -> CIA : Send encrypted consolidated response
end

deactivate TACHOnet
@enduml