Prompt: 
Generate a sequence diagram using PlantUML from these requirements so that I can provide it to Planttext to visualize it.                                                                                                            
Requirements:
Use Case 06 – Get US/Ascii Transliteration
Description This use case consists of getting from TACHOnet the US/Ascii (ISO 646 IRV)
transliteration (From Latin or Greek) of the given driver’s surname, first names,
place of birth and driving license number.
Up to now, this use case only provides the transliteration from Greek (according to
the ISO 843:1997 standard) or Latin to US/Ascii. Other transliterations (e.g. Cyrillic
to US/Ascii according to ISO 9:1995) will be provided when needed.
Basic flow The basic flow consists of the following steps:
Step Action
1 The CIA calls the TACHOnet service giving the driver’s surname, first
names, place of birth and driving license number.
2 TACHOnet checks the input parameters and, if valid, transliterates the
corresponding values into US/Ascii.
3 TACHOnet returns the transliterated values as output parameters.
Alternate flows 2a If the input parameters are invalid (e.g. illegal character,…), TACHOnet
returns a negative status code to the request.
Special
requirements
· This service should ideally be implemented as a synchronous Web Service.
· A web interface on top of this service should also be supplied to allow the CIA
users to access manually these TACHOnet services.
· A downloadable version of this web service should also be made available (.NET
and Java) to enable some Member States to install and use it locally.
Pre-conditions The caller must provide the mandatory input parameters.
Post-conditions The caller has received the computed search keys (or a negative error code).
Actors · A CIA (when issuing a new card) or an enforcer (via a CIA)
· The TACHOnet system

Reference Response:
@startuml
title Use Case 06 – Get US/Ascii Transliteration

actor CIA as "Card Issuing Authority"
participant TACHOnet

CIA -> TACHOnet : Send request (Surname, First Names, Place of Birth, Driving License Number)
activate TACHOnet

TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Validate input parameters
alt Valid input
    TACHOnet -> TACHOnet : Transliterate values to US/Ascii
    TACHOnet -> CIA : Return transliterated values
else Invalid input
    TACHOnet -> CIA : Return negative status code
end

deactivate TACHOnet
@enduml
